[Music]
Prime Minister Narendra Modi, who often
obliges people with a selfie on Sunday,
refuses one to a volunteer while
participating in the Yoga Day event at
Rajpath soon after addressing the gathering. Modi
climbs down from the podium to join over
35,000 participants to perform asanas. As soon as
the PM joins the front road to
perform yoga, a young woman, pairing a
volunteer with folded hands, requests him for a
selfie. The Prime
Minister politely declines to bly as soon as he
starts practicing asanas. The
woman returns with her colleague and takes position behind him
and starts performing
yoga. Soon, a security man in civil dress wishes them away.
Another man wearing a white
headgear approaches. The Prime Minister himself was wished away.
Modi is known to take selfies
with world leaders and commoners and
posting them on social media.
[music]